[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>UFOs have been a mystery for
hundreds, maybe even thousands,
of years.
They have been depicted
in cave and rock carvings
from as far back as 50,000
years ago on aboriginal rock
carvings.
Skeptics have written them off
as mass hysteria or weather
anomalies mistaken
for something else.
Hi, I'm Sean Stone.
This film is about factual
evidence filmed by NASA
as early as the 1950s
during supersonic test
flights of the X-15 and
throughout the Apollo
and Shuttle missions, and
currently through filmings
made by the International
Space Station.
>>July 17, 1962, Edwards
Air Force Base, California.
Major Robert White, test pilot
for the United States Air
Force, strapped into the X-15.
Attached to a
specifically-designed wing
pylon, Major White and his
X-15 were carried aloft
by a modified MB-52 Mothership.
Taken to a launch
altitude of 45,000 feet,
the goal of this
particular test flight
wished Major White to
take the X-15 higher
than it had ever flown before.
White rapidly accelerated
to a top speed of mach 4.8.
After 81 seconds
of powered flight,
the XLR99 engine
exhausted its fuel supply
and shut down, leaving the
X-15 to coast to a new FIA
absolute altitude
record for pilot
and the aircraft of 317,450
feet, 59.6 miles, or 96
kilometers above the Earth.
This was the first
X-15 flight to qualify
the pilot for a United States
Air Force Astronaut Rating.
While his flight was at
apogee and he was experiencing
over three minutes
of zero gravity,
Major White was able to look
out the left-side window
of his X-15 aircraft.
Suddenly, Major
White cued his radio
and made an excited
transmission.
There are things out there.
There absolutely are.
In the August 3, 1962
issue of "LIFE Magazine,"
Major White commented further
about his UFO encounter while
at the very edge of space.
This was not the only
UFO encounter filmed
during this X-15 program.
Several months earlier, during
one of NASA Test Pilot Joseph
Walker's X-15 flights.
The camera systems captured
what Walker would later
describe as being "five or
six disc shaped or cylindrical
objects near his aircraft."
On May 11, 1962, at the
Second National Conference
on the Peaceful Uses of
Space Research in Seattle,
Washington, Joseph
Walker also claimed
that one of his mission
objectives during his 1962
flights in the X-15
was to detect and film
UFOs at high altitudes.
During his lecture, Walker
showed several photographs
to the audience of these UFOs he
captured on film, although NASA
has since only ever made
one of these frames public.
"I don't feel like
speculating about them.
All I know is what appeared on
the film, which was developed
after the flight."
>>The very first astronaut
UFO sighting in space
can actually be traced
back to NASA's very first
manned orbital mission, which
took place in February of 1962
during Project Mercury.
That particular flight, which
was designated as Mercury MA-6
was flown by
Astronaut John Glenn.
And during that
three-orbit mission
there was a
well-publicized incident
where Glenn reported seeing
through the spacecraft
window what he described as
fireflies that were moving
around outside his
capsule while he
was on orbit above the Earth.
>>In an effort the minimize
or debunk these fireflies,
NASA has always
officially claimed
that what Glenn was
seeing up there was just
tiny water droplets that
must've been on the exterior
skin of the spacecraft, which
had then sublimated to ice
in the near-vacuum
orbital environment.
And these ice crystals
were then breaking loose
and were floating free
around his capsule.
And if you blindly
trust what NASA claims,
and if you only examine certain
select portions of the MA-6
mission evidence that
NASA directly highlights
to support their hypothesis,
then that official excuse
may actually sound
rather plausible.
However, aboard
each Mercury capsule
was a black box audiotape
recording system
that was designed to
record any verbal comments
or descriptions that
the astronaut might
make during their flight.
And when we examine the
complete onboard commentary
from John Glenn made
during his MA-6 mission,
listening to the full, real-time
descriptions as he was actually
observing these unidentified
objects in space,
it very quickly
becomes clear that he
was seeing some objects up
there that absolutely were not
ice particles emanating
from his capsule.
>>And during the Mercury
MA-9 mission in May of 1963,
Astronaut Gordo Cooper
also observed the fireflies
outside his capsule
and reported them
to the ground via the radio.
And while we
unfortunately do not
have the full audio
transmissions from that flight
to listen to, the NASA archives
do contain the Mercury MA-9
composite air-to-ground
and onboard voice tape
transcriptions.
And just as one example
of this sanitizing,
if you go to page 3-20 of the
Mercury MA-9 mission transcript
document in the
NASA archives, you
see that, as soon as
Astronaut Gordo Cooper starts
talking about the
fireflies that he is seeing
outside a spacecraft window,
those particular comments
have indeed been sanitized
with the asterisk marks
denoting that specific
descriptive commentary
from Cooper was actually omitted
from the official transcript.
In this official NASA transcript
for the Mercury MA-9 mission,
NASA is blatantly
admitting that they
have engaged in
selective editing,
sanitizing the transcripts
by removing comments
from the public
record entirely--
in this case, very specific
comments that clearly were
related to the fireflies
that Cooper was really
seeing outside the window
of his Mercury spacecraft.
It's not a conspiracy theory
that NASA did this transcript
sanitizing.
It's conspiracy fact.
And the reason it was done was
to obfuscate the truth in order
to ensure that the
public would only
see certain select evidence
that fit NASA's official cover
story.
They literally removed some of
the truth about these fireflies
from the public record by
classifying those astronaut
comments in the interest
of national security.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>When it comes to
unidentified objects that
were filmed during
the Apollo missions
while the astronauts were
in cislunar space or lunar
orbit, nearly 400,000
kilometers away from the Earth,
the skeptic argument that
these things may just
be man-made satellites that were
already up there in lunar orbit
loses credibility in
a hurry because we
know from the official
historical record
that there were simply
no known or declared
American or Russian
satellites orbiting the moon
during any of the
Apollo Lunar missions
that could possibly account
for any of these objects caught
on film.
And NASA's official position is
that the Apollo crews never saw
and never were in
a position to film
any man-made
satellites they were
known to already
be up there when
they arrived in lunar orbit.
Could these things be
unmanned Russian probes
sent to the moon-- one of
their unmanned lunar or Zond
remote sensing
platforms, for example.
Again, no.
The official historical
record tells us
what Russian
equipment was up there
and where it was throughout the
duration of the Apollo program.
During NASA's first manned
lunar landing, Apollo 11,
for example, we know the
Soviets sent an unmanned lunar
lander that was known as Luna
15 to the moon at the same time
the Apollo 11 crew
was up there, but we
know from the orbital
ephemeris data for Luna 15
and from NASA's own
admission that the Apollo 11
crew were never in a
position to see or film
that or any other
Soviet space probe
in the vicinity of the moon.
We know that the phenomenon
of mass concentrations,
or mascons, on the
moon, and these mascons
can dramatically interfere
with the orbital stability
of any man-made satellites
that were put into lunar orbit.
This mascon effect means that
any free-drifting satellites
in lunar orbit were
found to suffer faster
than expected
orbital degradation.
So contrary to what many
in the public may think,
objects placed into
low lunar orbit
don't just stay in a stable
orbit around the moon forever.
Mascon effects eventually
can cause the orbit
of those satellites to
degrade until they just
smack into the lunar
surface and are destroyed.
So you can look at the data for
every single declared object
ever injected into or released
in lunar orbit by the USA
or the USSR prior to or during
the Apollo program when these
UFOs were being filmed, and the
fact is none of these anomalies
filmed during the Apollo program
can be ID'ed as being known
satellites that were already
up there in lunar orbit.
There simply was not a
lot of man-made space
junk in lunar orbit back during
each of the Apollo missions.
That argument seems to be a
common skeptical assumption,
but it's not supported by much
official historical record
evidence.
These objects are UFOs.
We don't know what
these things are,
where they came from, how they
got there, where they're going,
or what they're doing up there.
These are true
identified objects
in the vicinity of
the moon that were
captured on film during Apollo.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>When STS-48 hit the airwaves,
hundreds of thousands of people
suddenly realized there
were unidentified flying
objects being filmed by
NASA on the shuttle cameras.
NASA's James Oberg, among
many other debunkers,
started claiming that
these objects were
nothing more than ice crystals.
For the most part of
his life, Martyn Stubbs
was a producer working
with Dick Clark
Productions in the late 1960s.
He produced, directed, shot, and
edited many television programs
over the course of 25 years.
Stubbs' work would lead him
to Shaw Cable in Vancouver.
This gave him the opportunity
to run the cable station, where
he would soon make UFO history.
Martyn Stubbs was once from
an artistic walk of life,
but that all changed
when a NASA video made it
to the public eye.
Martyn Stubbs saw this
and asked the cable owner
if he could take one
of the transponders
and dedicate it to the
live feeds from NASA's
own satellite.
He was granted a
dish, and Martyn
began downloading the
transmissions NASA was blocking
from the general public.
>>Had not been
for Martyn Stubbs,
this incredible evidence
of UFOs in outer space
would never have
surfaced, and NASA
would have continued covering
up what they're doing
and what is there
just above the Earth.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>One of Stubbs' most
compelling videos
was the STS-75 footage, what was
called "The Tether Incident."
What NASA was
telling us they were
doing was releasing a
satellite at the end
of this 12-mile-long tether
that would serve as a test
to see if this energy-producing
satellite could open up
a new method of
propulsion for shuttles
to eliminate using fuel.
>>If you look up the word
tether in Merriam-Webster's
dictionary, here's
what the definition is.
"Tether; a rope or
chain that is used
to tie an animal to a
post, wall, et cetera,
so that it will stay
in a particular area."
The tether satellite turns
out to be a power generator,
somewhat like a Tesla coil,
producing a high voltage
and being dragged through
space and the plasma fields.
This seems to have disrupted
the balance of plasma
in the upper atmosphere, and
these critters, or animals,
that exist in the
space were affected.
>>This is the fact
of the matter.
We were really not sure, after
John flew, whether or not
there were critters-- living
critters-- out there somewhere.
>>Critters that were captured
by NASA on that mission, STS-75,
in 1996.
In all my considerable
experience of the entire UFO
scenario, I have never seen,
and never expected to see,
footage like that,
and least of all
did I expect to see it
on film or tape that
had been exposed by the
government in a NASA mission.
The shuttle Columbia
in this mission
was equipped with a very
sophisticated and expensive
ultraviolet camera.
It was sensitive to
the near-ultraviolet.
And when they were up at 300
miles above the atmosphere,
they launched,
from the Columbia,
a small satellite with a tether.
Not long after it was
launched, the tether broke.
>>We will record
steadily the whole break
and call back in the tether.
>>Copy, Claude.
>>--go.
>>Again, it's a view
of the satellite.
>>Well, if it had to break,
it did it in the right place.
>>And you see-- on
this astonishing film,
you see the satellite
go drifting far astern
of this orbiting Columbia.
The tether, which
is 12 miles long,
straightens out into a
long, white line, which you
can see as plainly as could be.
>>Columbia and the satellite
now 77 nautical miles apart.
>>Now, while this
is all going on,
a whole covey of UFOs--
perhaps three dozen of them--
manifest to this
ultraviolet camera,
and they begin moving
around, circulating,
looking, for all the world, like
something in an aquarium tank.
>>The satellite, again,
just moving into sunrise.
>>Now, Houston, of
course, down on the ground
is getting this feed
from the Columbia,
and they ask the astronauts in
the shuttle what can they see.
What is it they can see?
>>You guys getting the image?
>>Franklin, we see a long line,
a couple of star-like things,
and a lot of things
swimming in the foreground.
Can you describe
what you're seeing?
>>Well, the long
line is the tether,
and there's a
little bit of debris
that kind of flies with us.
>>It is like a brilliant, white
bar that looks like a neon
sign, and it's 12 miles long.
Now, what this does is give
you a sort of cosmic ruler
by which you can get
an idea and an estimate
of the diameter of the UFOs that
are flitting around down there.
Now, when you see them
go behind the tether,
that means that you can use
that tether like a ruler
to measure the diameter.
And those things that are down
there going behind the tether
are between two and three
nautical miles in diameter.
>>Image stabilization
with UFO tracking analysis
reveals the flight paths of the
objects swarming the tether.
This process is courtesy
of Cary Martynuik
of LunaCognita Productions.
Applying object flight
path and velocity tracking
enables us to see the
trajectories that these objects
are traveling.
There are at least
five objects that are
traveling alongside the tether.
Many of these objects
are traveling forward,
coming to a complete
stop, and then traveling
back where they came from.
The maneuvers that
these objects are making
take an enormous
amount of energy.
>>One of the things you
see over and over again
is you see UFOs it
follows materialize
into the ultraviolet
while you watch.
You see them come
from out of nowhere
to the point where
they are returning
a response to the camera.
You also see them de-materialize
while you have them
under observation.
There's two of the
central things that
have gone on with
UFOs since day one--
materialization and
de-materialization.
It's going on in
this film 300 miles
above the Earth, photographed
by your government
with your astronauts
superintending the whole thing.
>>We completely
unzoomed and you see
the full extent of the tether.
>>>>[INAUDIBLE] Houston,
that's a much better view.
A lot more contrast--
>>This film proves
our government has
known about UFOs, and that they
had been filming and monitoring
them since at least
the early 1950s.
>>By viewing this film, you
now have at your fingertips
a way to find out
more about Earth
and what exists just a
few hundred miles above us
and in the farthest
reaches of outer space.
>>We wish to acknowledge
Martyn Stubbs
for opening the window of truth
about UFOs from outer space.
>>My name is Mike Bara,
and basically I've
had a fascination with space
and aliens and UFOs and things
since as long as I can remember,
since I was a little kid.
In the 1960s I was just
four, five, six years old,
and I remember watching
the rocket launches
on TV, the Gemini missions,
the Apollo missions.
And I remember always thinking
that there was something
that they weren't
showing us, that there
was a greater mystery
to the whole thing
than we were being
allowed to see on TV.
And I don't know where
that thought came from,
or why it was embedded in
me, but it just always was.
I can distinctly remember
the Apollo 11 moon landing
when Neil Armstrong
and Buzz Aldrin walked
on the moon for the first
time in human history,
or at least in this version
of humanity's history.
And I remember thinking,
you know, why is this just
some crappy
black-and-white picture?
Why isn't it color?
We had a color TV in my home.
We were lucky in those days.
And I asked my dad, who
was an engineer at Boeing,
why don't they have it in color?
Why is it just this
really terrible
black-and-white TV picture?
And he said, well,
I really don't
know because the
distance involved doesn't
make that much difference.
A TV signal's still going
to be strong enough.
So he didn't know the
answer, and that shocked me
because my dad always
knew the answer
to engineering and technical
questions like that.
And it really
stirred my curiosity,
and it got me
thinking more and more
that there was more to
NASA and the space program
and what was out there
than we were being told.
And it really reinforced
that inherent belief
that I feel like I
was almost born with.
So then things progressed.
We went to Mars.
The Viking missions happened.
I distinctly remember
the face on Mars,
when it was first a big
shock in the newspaper
that this thing looked
like a human head
on the surface of Mars.
And I remember the
whole controversy.
And they said, oh well,
we took another picture
a couple of hours later,
and it all just went away.
It was just a trick
of light and shadow.
And that was the official
position within NASA.
And gosh, it had to
be 15 years after that
that I started reading
about the face on Mars,
and I found out that
that claim by NASA
was totally untrue--
that the fact was
that it was nighttime
on Mars, and they
couldn't have taken another
picture a few hours later.
And sure enough, when they
did find a second picture,
it looked even more like a
face and it has initially.
So I began to look
at this stuff on Mars
and work that was being done
by other people in the field,
like Richard C Hoagland,
and saying to myself,
I like this because, unlike
UFOs and abductions and videos
of bright lights in
the sky and stuff,
this is something I feel
like I could actually
sink my teeth into, that
I could actually test,
that we could get
more pictures, and we
could see what this
thing really was
and determine whether or
not it was artificial.
And eventually
all that happened.
We got picture after
picture after picture
of the face on Mars.
NASA continued to insist that
it was absolutely of no interest
to them, yet it's the
most photographed piece
of real estate on
the planet Mars.
And if they're
not interested in,
why do they keep taking
pictures of the thing?
The whole ancient
aliens thing took off.
And I started looking at
ancient aliens on Mars
and ancient aliens on the moon.
There's definitely artificial
structures on the moon.
structures on Mars.
And even the little rovers, as
they drive around the Martian
surface, keep finding stuff
that looks like, I don't know,
mechanical equipment?
I'm a mechanical engineer,
and I can certainly
tell a cased metal
object when I see one.
And I can certainly tell when
I see mechanical flywheels
and gears and
something that looks
like Captain Kirk's phaser
that he dropped on the surface.
I can recognize all these
things as mechanical implements.
And so it became
really obvious to me
that there absolutely was
solid evidence that somebody
had lived on Mars before.
And whether they were
human or completely alien,
I don't know the answer
to that, and I don't
know that anybody ever will.
But it seems like
human architecture,
and it seems like human
mechanical design,
so it may be related to this
idea that the Hopi have,
that there have been
progressive worlds of man
and that we've gotten very
advanced in some of them.
And the last one was even more
advanced than we are today,
and maybe they went to Mars and
built some of these pyramids
and built some of this
equipment and left it behind.
And it's all eroded
and stuff now,
but to me, I just kept
getting reinforced by this.
And then you start
asking other questions,
like if there are ruins
on another planet,
on Mars-- if there are ruins on
the moon that definitely can be
described as artificial,
that engineers can recognize
as instrumentalities--
different vehicles,
different mechanical
implements, air conditioners,
things like that-- then you
say to yourself, well, OK.
If there was a prior
civilization living
on these planets,
then there could have
been a whole bunch of them.
And then that begins to
reinforce, to me, the idea
that maybe all these
stories of alien abduction
and alien contact
aren't so crazy.
So I was very lucky.
I've been lucky
enough to have worked
for some major
television networks,
and I've worked on a
couple different shows,
"Ancient Aliens"
being one of them.
I got to do a show called
"Uncovering Aliens"
for the Discovery networks.
And that was really interesting
because they cast me
as the skeptic, which
actually fit me really well
because, even though I believe
that all this stuff is real,
I don't really lock
into that until I
got all my questions answered.
So I became the guy that
would ask all the questions
on the show.
And I've certainly known
people who've been abducted.
I've known people who
had these experiences.
But when I started meeting them
kind of at random for the show,
and they started describing
what had happened to them
and these intruders in their
rooms at night, and the things
that they did.
As I was questioning
these individuals,
I realized they're not crazy
because the reality is that we
can't ignore this anymore.
We cannot ignore
visitations in our bedrooms.
UFOs in our skies.
And we absolutely cannot
ignore UFOs in outer space.
Hello.
My name is Laura
"Magdalene" Eisenhower.
I am the great-granddaughter
of President Eisenhower.
And all throughout
my life, I've had
a lot of interesting
experiences that
helped me to be very
open to the idea
that there is other
life in this universe.
And what really
kick-started my research
was a lot of the rumors
that I saw about Eisenhower
in ET-government treaties.
When I was young, I
had contact experience.
I also experienced a
recruitment to Mars
in 2006, which helped
me to understand what's
going on behind the scenes.
So as I've been working
to connect the dots,
I have had a lot of
revelations and epiphanies
about how the light
and dark operate,
and what our role is
as a humanity to be
prepared for what's to come.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Putting these images to
music do not do justice
to what they contain.
I urge everyone to go
to MarsMoonSpace.com
and check out the video starring
Neville Thompson, Martine
Grainey, Billy Carson, Rami
Bar Ilan, Lynda McLendon, Rory
O'Brien, Bret Colin
Sheppard, and hosted
by Thomas Mikey Jensen.
In order to get a
full grasp of what's
going on in these images,
the important discoveries
made by these researchers
need to be seen and heard.
I am fortunate to have
found them for my film,
and I thank them
deeply for their work.
In 2001, I was checking
one of NASA's websites
featuring photography taken
by the Mars Odyssey mission.
And in a few of
the photos I found
a UFO that appeared
in different locations
on Mars-- different
terrains this UFO appears.
And it's the same shape,
same kind of design,
but it's definitely in the
air over these certain areas
on Mars.
So here they are.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Our sun is 93 million
miles from Earth.
To give you an idea as
to the size of our sun
when compared to Earth
and the other planets
in our immediate solar
system, I have situated
the sun in the middle and
put each planet on the side
so you have an easy
scale to size comparison,
starting with Mercury, Venus,
Earth, Mars, and so on.
Jupiter, being the
largest of all planets,
is still dwarfed by
the sun's immense size.
The SOHO program, known as
the Solar and Heliospheric
Observatory, is comprised of two
cameras situated on either side
of the sun in deep space.
These two cameras allow NASA
to catch film and photography
in stereo, and
when seen together,
give them the depth of 3D.
In 2001, I had seen early
footage of anomalies
appearing near the
sun and passing by it,
flying into it, and on several
occasions, firing at it.
You could see what appeared
to be laser beams shot
into the sun, and the
reaction of impact
showed a tremendous
amount of explosions.
In or around 2007 or 2008,
it came to my attention
that things were seen
orbiting the sun in hundreds
of photographs.
Once I heard about
this, I immediately
went to the SOHO website.
I began downloading hundreds
of these photographs.
There were so many that in
the space of a few days,
I had compiled about 400 photos.
There would have been more, but
I got busy working on my films,
figuring that someday
I would do a segment
or documentary on these sun
ships, as they'd been called.
There are now many
researchers in the world
finding, compiling, and
presenting these sun ships
on YouTube and other websites.
For this film, I
am including some
of the most spectacular
photos taken
by NASA of these
anomalous objects,
and submitted by researchers.
I have looked through the many
photos I downloaded in 2008
and some of the latest
photography that
reveals these sun ships
are still orbiting the sun
and doing whatever
it is they're doing.
There are literally thousands
of photographs posted daily
on the website.
There are hundreds of UFOs
showing up near the sun.
I'm including some of the most
spectacular shots of UFOs.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>In 2012, I came across a video
that interested me right away.
It was called "Giant
Space Cables,"
and was being
presented by a YouTube
channel called UniversalTrek.
I was immediately taken by these
gigantic space cables, where
they came from, who built
them, where they go,
and what they are
being used for.
The amazing cables
came from nowhere.
And while scrolling
downward, upward,
and to all sides where
these cables can be seen,
there was no real explanation
as to their origins
and whatever happened to them.
Thankfully, these videos
were produced and made public
by UniversalTrek, and here
they are-- the mysterious space
cables located in deep space.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Looking at these space
cables and the distances
they go into deep
space, they are perhaps
millions of miles in length.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Looking at these
space cables, I
can only wonder, who made them,
what are their purpose, where
do they go to, who is
traveling through them,
are there giant people using
them, are we using them,
where do they start,
where do they end,
will we ever learn about them?
And where are they now,
because I have not been
able to find them recently.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>So there you have it--
the gigantic space cables,
stretching out for
millions of miles
in deep space in
either direction.
There is no origin to
where they come from
and no ending to
where they stop.
They are just
continuing to stretch
in deep space for
millions of miles.
These videos are from 2012.
I have written
UniversalTrek asking
if they have newer information
or images of these cables,
and have not heard
back from them
as of the making of this film.
I myself went on
Google Earth and Space
looking for these
cables, and although I
did find some tube-like
structures in deeper space,
I still haven't found
the original space
cables presented in 2012.
I don't know if they've been
deleted from Google Earth,
or where they
might now be found.
After watching this film,
if you have any information
about these space
cables, please contact me
by emailing me at
Jose@TBLNFilms.com.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>What you are about to see is
the Sloan Digital Sky Survey,
which is the most ambitious
astronomical survey ever
undertaken-- a detailed sky map.
It generates positions
and basic characteristics
of space objects.
>>From the nearest,
most impressive star
located near Earth, we
move to other things
that are even farther away
and larger than our own sun.
These motherships, as
some are being called,
are so far away and so large
that one person made a comment.
There was one or
more of these that
are the size of the distance
between Mars and Earth,
if not larger.
And these objects
are coming our way.
When you go to the Sky Map, you
will get the main landing page.
You have two main
tools, the Zoom tool,
and the search field.
When you type in the
coordinates such as 05 06 30.72
and minus-88 10 29.4, you will
see a small square appear where
this object is located
on the Sky Map.
Then you zoom in,
and soon you will
see the object that is
located in these coordinates.
The Zoom tool, by the
way, is backwards.
Pull it downward in
order to zoom in.
Going up will make it zoom out.
You can pause the film
to be able to type
these coordinates into the
search field on the Sky Map.
These results will deliver you
some pretty amazing objects
located in deep space.
I will call out the
coordinates in the next objects
and show you the photos of
what you're going to see.
14 44 22.14, minus-83 29 06.0.
These are four objects.
16 40 50.46, minus-82 34 21.9.
This is a rod-shaped object.
19 26 37.47, minus-83 01 35.9.
This is a circular object.
20 17 54.94, minus-83 03 36.2.
Vectors.
These are vector objects.
02 25 16.05, minus-84 12 29.5.
This is a worm-shaped object.
04 51 21.56, minus-84 00 49.1.
This is an object that's
shaped like a shuttle.
10 09 20.91, minus-80 51 30.07.
This is a bright disc.
Here are a few
objects discovered
by our executive
producer, Dusita Dumitru.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Once you get
used to it, you can
start searching for
new objects yourself.
You will be amazed
at what is out there.
>>I firmly believe that if the
proof of extraterrestrial life
was put forth today,
the effect would not
be nearly as catastrophic
as they predicted
it would be back in the 1950s.
The world is a very
different place today.
This kind of comes into the
"once you start lying, thought,
you kinda gotta keep lying."
And the lie gets
deeper and deeper.
In many ways, it seems
that's what they've
kind of dug themselves into.
But in terms of
benefiting mankind,
we're talking about
the covering up
above hyper-advanced
technology that
could do away with our
dependence on fossil fuels.
We're talking about
technology that
allows for much quicker
transport through space
than we've ever been told.
We're talking about technology
that could benefit mankind
in ways that we really
don't even know,
as the general public,
because of how deep this goes.
Some of the individuals that
I've talked to have discussed
military technology
being not 5 or 10,
or 15 years ahead of
what the public perceives
state-of-the-art to be, but
to being 100 years ahead,
200 years ahead, more than that.
And if you believe that the
United States of America
did acquire alien technology
and was reverse engineering it,
and is reverse engineering
it-- if they're
sitting on this stuff,
why aren't we privy to it?
The interest of national
security argument--
I don't know if that
holds any water anymore.
Maybe it did at the
dawn of the Cold War.
They could have got
away with that argument,
and they could justify that.
>>Because I have had
an overwhelming amount
of new discoveries
in Mars photographs
by independent
photo researchers,
there are too many
incredible discoveries
that must be seen and compiled
for everyone to enjoy.
I am ending "UFOs from Outer
Space" with this last segment.
This should leave you
with a lasting impression
that there are things
in space and on Mars.
Thank you for tuning
in to my film.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>What do I think people are
going to take away from this?
I'm hoping it's gonna open up
some people's eyes to the fact
that things are not as
you've been told they were,
and just as importantly, to open
your eyes to the fact of really
how wondrous it is.
As deep as the lies
go, the fact is
that the truth is an amazing
bit of subject matter
to even begin to try and
dig into and uncover.
You're dealing with such
incredible-- is really
the only word that you
can use to describe it,
is incredible-- subject matter.
It is literally
out of this world.
And there is so
little that we know.
There is so little
that we have been told,
but the truth is out there.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[ECHOED CLICKING]
>>There are many
mysteries in our universe.
The images and films
you have just seen
are only a small amount
that have been discovered
by Jose Escamilla and
many of the researchers
who have contributed
to this film.
>>This is Laura
"Magdalene" Eisenhower.
Thank you so much for tuning in.
>>Maybe their path is blocked.
Maybe they've found
their path is a dead end
and now they're here trying to
get something from us, maybe
through our DNA, or through some
sort of spiritual interaction
that they need to move forward.
>>By viewing this film, you
now have at your fingertips
a way to find out
more about Earth
and the farthest
reaches of outer space.
>>This is Sean Stone.
Thank you for joining
us in outer space.
[MUSIC PLAYING]